Create backporting_critical_changes.md (#95)
octokit/.github: community/backporting_critical_changes.md

In the event that we need to backport changesets across our various [SDKs](https://github.com/octokit) we take a fairly ridged approach to where those changes get backported to.

In general, **we will backport to the last major version release**.  There are exceptions:
1. If the change is causing issues in a specific release and no others then the backport will target that release and any future ones (where appropriate)
2. If the change is related to a Security Advisory that is causing data corruption.

> 3. If the change is related to a Security Advisory where any PII is involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If the change is related to a Security Advisory where any personally identifiable information is involved.
```

I would avoid abbreviations for clarity

4. If the change is related to a Security Advisory that is causing system wide issues / network related issues.
5. If the change is related to an issue in a language framework or Security Advisory within that language's ecosystem.

> 6. If the change is in our JavaScript SDKs. In this case the patch will be applied to the latest non ESM version (see the table below).

Reviewer 2: The first point here is super clear and makes a lot of sense.
The sixth point is super clear and makes sense. 

Points 2-5 don't give a policy for where we backport to. Do we backport to _all_ major versions in those cases? 2 major versions behind? Do we have a window of 12 months or 24 months of major versions?

Reviewer: I think the plan is, for now, to backport all the way to the last non-esm version

| JS SDK/Library                                                  	| ESM version                                                                         	| Non-ESM version                                                                     	|
|-----------------------------------------------------------------	|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	|

> | [openapi-types.ts.ts](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts)                     	| [v12.9.0](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts/releases/tag/v12.9.0)                    	| [v12.8.0](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts/releases/tag/v12.8.0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [openapi-types.ts](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts)                     	| [v12.9.0](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts/releases/tag/v12.9.0)                    	| [v12.8.0](https://github.com/octokit/openapi-types.ts/releases/tag/v12.8.0) |
```
